# phase1-final-project
Hello! 
On the project we were required to make a functional and interactive web application that with make it appealing to the user . 
The project incorporates the use of html,CSS ,JSON and javascript.It requires DOm manipulation where there should be three or more events in the web application (ie: click, DOMCONTENTLOADED etc.).
Using Fetch to get data from a public api. In my case i choose the https://cataas.com/#/ api which generates random images of cats. Which was successful . 
My goal was to create a button that can change the image of the cat displayed at each click. I thought of adding a previous and next button but since the images are generated at random the image ,it was impossible to implement this feature. Thus I made the random image button. 
Next I wanted to create another button that replaces the 
image shown with a gif . The button should fetch  a cat gif from the website/public Api and display it on your webpage . That I was able to do it successfully but since the API can directly work similar to with images it can ounly be generates once when you click the random gif button it will replace the image with a gif then you will have to refresh page in order to get another. I know it can be tiresome but bare with me.  
Then after that i added a donation button that can donate money to our creater ie: ME when you submit the form without filling in the textareas the an alert will pop up directing to fill in the textareas on other hand once you fill in the form you will get a alert message thanking you for your donation. 

I also added another form with will be for the comment section. I has a username area and an add comment are where you have to fill in both section to add a comment. Submitting the form without filling both of the area an alert will pop up requesting you to fill , when both are filled you comment will be added to the comment section below the button. There is a cancel button which  will remove you added comment if you choose to delete the comment you have added